#link to repository - https://github.com/colineforde/colineforde.github.io

Explain how to create a repository on GitHub and clone the repository to your local computer to a non-technical person. - To create a repository on GitHub you'll need to first log into your github account. After logging in, you can either click the 'Repositories' tab followed by clicking the 'new' button, or you can go straight to https://github.com/new which will bring you to the page to add a new repository. Then complete the information by adding a repository name in the text field, making the repository public or private, and choosing whether or not to add a README, .gitignore, and/or license. Once you've completed the form, click 'create repository' and when returning to your homepage, you should see your newly created repository in your list with the other repos. 

From there, you can clone a repository by copying the html link that you can find by clicking on your repository, and pasting the link into the command line after typing the command git clone [repo url].

Describe what open source means. - Open source softwrae means that software is able to be shared with others for free. For open source software, both the version the computer understands and the the source code needs to be included. An example of open source software would be WordPress and the Firefox browser.

What do you think about Open Source? Does it make you nervous or protective? Does it feel like utopia? - I think Open Source has its goods and bads. As open source allows you to have the code for the program, I think it has benefits if you'd like to make changes or experiment with changing around the code, or even if you'd like to take a deeper look into the 'backend' of the code instead of what the computer displays. I don't see anything majorly wrong with open source software, however I do think there are some drawbacks if you have a product that you'd like to keep total control over, as open sourcing can cause you to lose control over your product by releasing the code.

Assess the importance of using licenses. - Licenses are important because it grants certain permissions for others to use your work. Licenses can be better than just releasing your code to the general public since there are restrictions, which helps protect you to make sure that you are acknowledged and receive some credit for the work that you put into your code. 

What concepts were solidified in the challenge? Did you have any "aha" moments? What did you struggle with? - The concepts that were solidified in this challenge were creating different branches and commiting changes to git. Now that I've gone through the process a bit more, I'm starting to get more confortable with the version control process and not have to re-read each step before implementing a command. I find teh push a bit challenging still, as there are a lot of small steps which I have to pay particular attention to, but I'm starting to memorize and better understand each step. 

Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it. - As I've already done a few tutorials on html and creating a basic websie, I didn't use any other resources for this challenge. 
